DOCS-2878: Revise payment component documentation (#2441)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/checkout/multiple.md

    };
    ```

    > ✅ Success
    > 

>     > Your payment component now automatically renders a checkbox for your customers to toggle whether they would like to store their payment details for future visits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Your payment component now automatically renders a checkbox where customers can choose whether they would like to store their payment details for future visits.
```
